Add Helvum, elementary mail, GstPipelineStudio & SysEx Controls (#284)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Asunder](https://gitlab.gnome.org/Salamandar/asunder) - CD ripper and encoder `#c` `#gtk3`.
- [Audio Sharing](https://apps.gnome.org/AudioSharing) - Application to share audio playback in the form of an RTSP stream `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [Cavalier](https://github.com/NickvisionApps/Cavalier) - Audio visualizer based on [CAVA](https://github.com/karlstav/cava) `#csharp` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Chronograph](https://github.com/Dzheremi2/Chronograph) - Application to sync lyrics of songs and contribute it to various resources `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Ear Tag](https://apps.gnome.org/EarTag) - Tag editor designed to edit singular files `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [EasyEffects](https://github.com/wwmm/easyeffects) - Audio effects manager (limiter, convolver, equalizer, autovolume and more) for PipeWire applications `#c++` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Helvum](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/pipewire/helvum) - Patchbay application to route and pach together audio signals, made for pipewire `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Helvum](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/pipewire/helvum) - Patchbay application to route and patch together audio signals, made for pipewire `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Geary](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/geary) - Email application for the GNOME desktop build around conversations `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy`.
- [GNOME Contacts](https://apps.gnome.org/Contacts) - Address book for contacts information and contact management for the GNOME desktop `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`. 
- [Evolution](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/evolution) - Personal information management (PIM) application that provides integrated mail, calendaring and address book functionality `#c` `#gtk3`.

> - [Mail](https://github.com/elementary/mail) - Email application designed for elementary OS `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy` `#granite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mail](https://github.com/elementary/mail) - Email application for the elementary OS desktop `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy` `#granite`.
```
